---
layout: post
title:  Bitch
date:   2022-03-07 15:01:35 +0300
image:  '/images/pina-colada-beach.jpg'
tags:   [Essay,New-York]
---
You could have enjoyed three months in the Bahamas drinking Piña Coladas with the money you have spent on accent reduction classes. Yet you still speak like Sofia Vergara.

Your coworkers, who at this point are also your friends, like to tease you because “you say bitch in a cute way.” You smile and put that offended-but-not-offended face of yours, and open your mouth ready to reply while your hands start moving up. You mostly enjoy the teasing/trolling. You didn’t care when beach and bitch sounded exactly the same to you, but honestly, twenty hundred dollars later, the joke is as stale as Sofia Vergara’s fake accent. “Do you know how smart I am in Spanish?” You joke-yell at them, channeling your inner Gloria Pritchet. They laugh. That always works. If they can repeat their joke, you can repeat yours.

You are currently a senior manager, which is pretty awesome, having in mind you landed in New York seven years ago, jobless and in your mid-thirties, rehearsing in advance every single sentence you wanted to say. Your coworkers know perfectly well that now you won’t shut up. Your therapist insists that you should be proud of yourself. The insecure señora within you knows that you grew up surrounded by white privilege. You repeat to yourself that you are just a lucky bitch. “I am allowed to be emotional, ok? I am a Spaniard, it’s in my DNA!” You say when you get carried away by the enthusiasm of work well done and your coworkers troll-praise your fervor. That joke always works as well. You like variety. They can continue anchored in the bitch/beach one.

It has rained a lot since that morning when you stepped out of 181th St station and you immediately felt at home. Hours later, you face-timed your mother to share the amazing news: you had finally found an apartment! The woman was probably drinking expensive wine on her balcony facing the Mediterranean beach where you learned to swim many years ago. “You are moving to Washington Heights, baby? But that neighborhood is full of immigrants!” Your face looked like that internet meme with the confused math lady that looks like Julia Roberts. “Well, mother…” and then you let your inner Gloria Pritchet/Sofia Vergara come out for the first time ever “… WHAT DO YOU THINK I AM?”

When you tell that story, you always remember that time when you were talking about white people with your very Asian work husband. “Woman, with THAT accent there’s no way you are white!” He said. You always grin with that one. By that time, you had already stopped giving your money to the very nice lady from Boston that taught you why every time you requested a budget spreadsheet at work you were unconsciously revealing your feelings about budget shit.

You still have a shit ton of problems with the other vowels, you little bitch. And that is ok, at least you can go to the Bahamas now.